The Joe Rogan experience.
Because I'm obsessed with David Goggins. This is all your fault. Stay hard.
This is what I do to my mother. I'm like, mom, we have to meditate.
I don't want to meditate, mom. We're going to meditate. And then in her mind,
meditation is prayer, right? Cause she's very Catholic.
So you sit and you pray and I'm like, and I'll get her to come and sit.
And then I put on David Goggins and he's like, if somebody tells you,
you can't do something, you tell them, go themselves. And my mother said, Jason,
turn this off. This is awful. You're.
Wise. You have to curse. I'm going to read you a David Goggins sent me on my.
Birthday. I'm obsessed with him. He's awesome.
I send it to my nephew all the time because I want him to get like when he
gets down on himself, we always get hard on ourselves.
He's uh, he's an awesome human being. He's not a lot of those out there.
There's not a lot of those out there this day. 54 years ago,
you took your first breath. When taking that first breath,
it made you eligible to die.
I hope you're not enjoying your day by sitting on the couch with your feet
up. Hopefully you're out there somewhere suffering, talking to that in a.
See Jo, the inner loves birthdays. Why.
I'm jealous.
Because it makes you need a bigger pitch because we feel it's us special
day. So we can just chill the out.
Most people wake up to just exist on this planet. So Joe,
if you haven't gotten the after it yet,
maybe you should five exclamation points.
I'm obsessed with him. I love you to be.
Birthday. Five extra motion points,
Goggins out six exclamation points.
I love him. I listened to his book driving. I go crazy.
I've listened to his book like three, four times.
The greatest birthday messages around really.
Is. That's amazing. But.
Your suffering.
Is exactly right, because that's what we do.
Like you took your first breath to know that you can take.
Like to die.
The only proof of life is death. So it's so.
Yeah, the people I know they're the most miserable don't suffer on purpose.
Well, and, and that's like, we were talking about working out and like that.
Like I have depression, obviously. I don't know, uh, comics get it. Do you,
are you on that? Do you get depressed? No. See,
you're one of those that's Andrew.
I'm not depressed because I forced myself into,
well also I don't have the chemistry for it. I'm not,
I don't have like depression in my family,
but also I've been very physically active since I was young.
And there was studies that was done. Like we pulled it up the other day.
The thing about the difference between the effectiveness of SSRI versus the
effectiveness of a like regular rigorous exercise,
they're very similar.
And some studies they've shown that regular rigorous exercise is more
effective than SSRI. I'm reducing it. I think it's variable,
right? Like the way you.
Your pace in line.
Right? Your baseline biologically is different than Jamie's.
It's different than mine. Everybody has a different genetics.
There's diff there's, there's a different baseline. So it's like,
no one can ever say the way you feel is the way they feel because they have no
idea. It's part of the problem. Right. Which is part of the problem.
When they prescribe medication, they don't know how you feel. Yeah.
So they're trying to guess, and they're like, are you self-indulgent?
Is this guy hypochondriac? Is this guy really depressed? Like,
is he really on the verge of suicide?
Because there's a chemical imbalance or maybe his girl broke up with him and
he's being a like.
Way. Maybe he's just.
Lazy sitting around playing video games all day, drinking mountain Dew.
And he feels like. Maybe there's that. There's that when,
when a person feels like,
it's hard to know if you're just an outside objective observer.
It's hard to know why they're feeling like.
A hundred percent I can remember.
And I always feel terrible for my nieces and nephews because they have too much
time and they have too much space, like growing up in my mother's house.
There's 10 of us, 12 of us, whatever in a three-bedroom row,
home two and a half technically. But so.
Explain a row home in a row.
Home. If you've seen Rocky, like the houses are all connected, basically.
Who doesn't watch Rocky David Goggins. Huh? Anyway.
45 Times a day.
Round 11. Okay. So like he breaks it down to the round. It's the best.
But anyway, he, um, so, so my thing is like we were on top of each other,
like I do a joke about being in the room with my brothers.
There really was seven of us sleeping in one room.
It was me and all my brothers.
And then my sisters were in the middle room and my mom and dad was in the back
room until my dad left.
And then my little sister went in there cause she was where's daddy. Anyway,
that's a whole sad story. But anyway,
so we were on top of each other and I can remember days being like sad.
And I be under the table, like crying, holding my dog, being like,
no one loves me. Right. I don't know why my brothers be like, get up, get out.
So I would just go play softball or go swim or whatever I was doing, you know?
And so I kept active. Then there was like an adult time where,
when I got into my twenties where I stopped doing that,
I wasn't playing softball at the time. And it started getting worse. Like I was,
I would immerse myself in work or little things like that,
but I wasn't working out until I started the wrestling and really working out
that helped so much when I get down. And um, I,
I know I joke about Goggins,
but I'm serious when he says get the up and get after it.
It's that little moment when you don't want to go,
is the best you'll feel after you go. Yeah. People.
Like Kim or fuel there's there's people like Jocko, Jocko, Willink,
Cameron Hanes, David Goggins. There, those people are fuel.
You know, they they're, they're letting you know,
then I hope I'm like a bridge to fuel because like I do what they do,
but I'm not as Savage as they are. They're right. But,
but, but you know what I'm saying? It's like,
I want to let everybody know that like feel all those same feelings
that you feel too. Like,
even though I work out one of the things that Goggins said to me and he goes,
don't take, I don't want to procrastinate. He goes, sometimes see my shoes,
the running shoes. I stared those for half hour before I put them on.
And every time he says it, I'm like, I know, but I always put them on,
but I always put them on watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.